Update remote-help.md (#2961)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/remote-actions/remote-help.md

- Remote help add-on license for all IT support workers (helpers) and users (https://aka.ms/PremiumAddOnsDocs)
- Windows 10/11
- The remote help app for Windows. See [Install and update remote help](#install-and-update-remote-help)

> -  Remote help will be available for M365 A1/A3/A5 Education customers later this calendar year. Education customers with M365 A1/A3/A5 which include Intune subscription will have Remote Help with their license and they won’t require the **Remote Help Add-on**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Remote help will be available for Microsoft 365 A1/A3/A5 Education customers later this calendar year. Education customers with Microsoft 365 A1/A3/A5 which include Intune subscription will have remote help with their license and they won’t require the **Remote Help Add-on**.
```
